# ebay-purchase-report
A Web Extension that generates a compact eBay purchase history report

The eBay purchase history doesn't look friendly when you have tons of purchases and you are interested to see a compact grouped list of what you have purchased, how much it costed, how many shipped or not, etc.
Such a list can be easily generated by traversing the page's DOM and collecting these info and eventually printing out a report at the browser's console.

This project provides a Firefox Web Extension (add-on) that aids in generating such a report. The report is generated in a new tab as a HTML report.

# Requirements

Firefox 45+

# Install the add-on

1. Download the Mozilla Signed add-on file from [dist](https://github.com/eugenmihailescu/ebay-purchase-report/tree/master/dist) folder
2. Open your Firefox browser. Go to Tools -> `Add-ons` menu (Ctrl + Shift + A)
3. On the top-right (near the `Search add-on` input) there is a `tools` drop-down button. Click that button and choose `Install Add-on From File` 
4. Choose the file downloaded at step (1)

# How to use it

1. Open the eBay page and log-in using your eBay account
2. Go to the My eBay -> `Purchase history` menu
3. When the page loads you will notice a golden `Quick Report` button on the Orders group box
4. Click the `Quick Report` button. A new tab will open containing a compact HTML report of your eBay purchase history.

Please note that the report will include only visible items. For instance, if you chose to see only 25 `Orders per page` then the report will include only these orders. To include the whole history make sure you choose the largest `Orders per page` option available (eg. 100).

# Shown columns

By default the report would include the following columns:
 - \# : the index of the report's row
 - Purchase date: the eBay `Order date` information
 - Item price : the eBay `Item price` value
 - Shipping status: the eBay order's item shipping status
 - Estimated delivery: the eBay order's item `Estimated delivery` date, if available
 - Item description : the eBay order's item description as shown on purchase history
 
By default the report would generate a group footer subtotal for each date/currency value. This group footer shows the item count within group, their total amount, how many are shipped/not-shipped and the average price per item.
The report will print also a grand total for the entire report.
 
# Sort ordering

The report is generated by default using the natural order of the purchased items. If you want to sort the report by a given column then click the arrow icon that is shown near the column name. It works both ascendent and descendent. 

# Notes

The report works for both, the hidden eBay Orders or for the Not hidden eBay orders. Just switch to any of these lists and use the `Quick Report` button.


# What's Next

1. Make it work also for `Unpaid items`, `Canceled items`, `Canceled invoices` and `Returns and canceled orders` purchase history lists.
2. In the nearest future I intend to adapt the code such that it would work automatically not only on Firefox but also on Chrome and Opera (since all share the same Web Extension backbone).